Updates to contributors guide (#2031)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

<!-- vale off -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->

# Contributing to Fluent Bit docs

First of all, thanks for taking the time to read this guide. The fact that you're here means you're interested in contributing to Fluent Bit, and we highly appreciate your time.

This repository contains the files for the [Fluent Bit documentation library](https://docs.fluentbit.io/). Keeping these docs separate from the [main Fluent Bit repository](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit) helps reduce the number of commits to the Fluent Bit source code and makes it easier to maintain both projects.

Fluent Bit has a group of dedicated maintainers who oversee this repository, including several technical writers. These writers will review any pull requests you open, so don't be afraid to contribute—even if you're not a writer by trade. Your suggestions are valuable, and we'll help you wrangle any stray commas.

> ## :star: Quick tips

Reviewer: There really should be a line of content between the header and the unordered list.

> ## :star: Quick tips

Author: ```suggestion
## :star: Quick tips

Before you contribute to the Fluent Bit docs, review these critical tips:
```

- [Sign off](#sign-off-your-git-commits) your Git commits.
- Use [soft line wraps](#line-wraps) in Markdown files.
- To link between pages, use [absolute file paths](#links).
- Review the results of [linters](#linters) for style and formatting guidance.

## Review process

> After you open a pull request in this repository, a Fluent Bit maintainer will review it, add comments or suggestions as needed, and then merge it. After your changes are successfully merges into `master`, the docs site will update within a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you open a pull request in this repository, a Fluent Bit maintainer will review it, add comments or suggestions as needed, and then merge it. After your changes are successfully merged into `master`, the docs site will update within a few minutes.
```

### Request review without merging

If you're contributing documentation for a Fluent Bit feature that's still in development, ask a maintainer to add the `waiting-on-code-merge` label to your pull request. This lets other maintainers know that your changes aren't ready to merge yet, even if they were approved.

### Stale pull requests

> If you open a pull request that requires extended discussion or review, the Fluent Bit maintainers will add a `waiting-for-user` label to your pull request. This label means that we're blocked from moving forward until you reply. To keep contributions from going stale, we'll wait 45 days for your response, but we might close the pull request if we don't hear back from you by then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you open a pull request that requires extended discussion or review, the Fluent Bit maintainers will add a `waiting-for-user` label to your pull request. This label means that we're blocked from moving forward until you reply. To keep contributions from going stale, we'll wait 45 days for your response, after which we might close the pull request if we don't hear back from you.
```

## Pass DCO checks

To pass this repository's [DCO checks](https://github.com/apps/dco), you'll need to adhere to the following Git practices.

### Set your email in Git

To sign commits properly, you must first set your email address in your local Git environment. This should be the same email address associated with your GitHub account.

For more information, refer to GitHub's guide to [setting your commit email address in Git](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-email-preferences/setting-your-commit-email-address#setting-your-commit-email-address-in-git).

### Sign off your Git commits

> You must sign off your commits to certify your identity as the commit author. A commit is "signed off" when its commit message looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must sign off your commits to certify your identity as the commit author. A commit is signed off when its commit message looks like this:
```
